






















San Francisco Bay University Joins National Effort for Latino Student Success | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Back to News Center





San Francisco Bay University Joins National Effort for Latino Student Success
















August 6, 2024




 



San Francisco Bay University is committed to ensuring all students can access a quality education and have the tools they need to thrive, no matter their background. That’s why SFBU President Nick Ladany was thrilled to join Excelencia in Education’s esteemed national network, Presidents for Latino Student Success (P4LSS).
Excelencia in Education is the nation’s leading authority on accelerating Latino student success in higher education. Since its inception in 2011 and the formation of P4LSS in 2014, Excelencia has fostered a community of institutional leaders dedicated to transforming higher education. The goal? To harness the contributions, skills, and talents of Latino college graduates to strengthen our country. Initiatives that succeed for Latino students often benefit the broader student population, enhancing the educational landscape for all.
The P4LSS network comprises presidents and chancellors committed to creating educational environments where Latino students thrive. As a new member, President Ladany will collaborate with Excelencia and other educational leaders to leverage collective expertise and resources, forge partnerships, and enhance efforts to boost Latino student success on a national scale.
“Institutional leadership focused on intentionally serving Latino and all students is the hallmark of the presidents and chancellors in this network," said Sarita Brown, co-founder and president of Excelencia in Education. “We are proud to catalyze and support them as they advance student success and grow talent for our country’s bright future."
Joining a network of over 150 leaders, President Ladany is now part of a group that, while representing only 5% of U.S. colleges and universities, enrolls 32% and graduates 34% of all Latino students in higher education.
“San Francisco Bay University is committed to providing diverse learners with the opportunity to pursue an inclusive, innovative, and inspirational education that sets them on a path to lifelong personal and career success,” said President Ladany. “I’m thrilled to join this network of like-minded leaders dedicated to putting transformative education within reach for more Latino students and I am eager to collaborate with them as SFBU works to disrupt traditional higher education so that it fulfills its promise to more students.”
Senior Director for Outreach and Cohort Student Services Evelia Villa leads the university’s recruitment efforts for its Startup Scholars program and will coordinate the work with the network. 
“Advancing Latino youth through education empowers them to achieve their full potential and enriches our society with their diverse talents, perspectives, and contributions, which helps drive progress and innovation for all,” Villa remarked. “We’re thrilled to join this network, join forces with our colleagues and share more of what we do best in pursuit of this mission.”
Excelencia is honored to collaborate with the proactive, trendsetting presidents and chancellors who have answered the national call to advance Latino student success in higher education and secure America’s future. 
Read more about the Presidents for Latino Student Success network and the leaders affiliated with Excelencia. 





























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















