






















How SFBU stays on the cutting edge with innovative courses on blockchain and more | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Back to News Center





How SFBU stays on the cutting edge with innovative courses on blockchain and more
















August 13, 2024




 



By Jefferson Geiger
San Francisco Bay University was one of the first higher education institutions to offer a course on blockchain technology. Soon, the course’s professor will speak on the digital ledger used for cryptocurrency and beyond for MIT.
The class came to fruition when Professor Ahmed Banafa approached School of Engineering Dean Thawi Iwagoshi on the topic. Banafa quickly got to work on writing a textbook, and “Blockchain Technology and Applications” was published in 2020.
According to Banafa, only two other schools at the time were offering courses completely devoted to blockchain.
“I am pleased that prominent schools recognize our efforts,” Banafa said of being invited to talk. “We are always at the cutting edge of technology. This term, I am teaching quantum computing, a subject that only a few universities have included in their programs, and we are proud to be one of them.”
The blockchain class is extremely popular. It attracts both undergraduate and graduate students, as well as students from SFBU’s schools of business and engineering. Banafa said that no matter a student’s background, he leads them through the basics to build a foundation for learning.
However, the class is more than just reviewing the textbook — which Banafa regularly supplements — and discussing blockchain. There are also hands-on labs.
“You are going to finish the class creating your own cryptocurrency,” Banafa said.
Students also demonstrate the security of the blockchain database and learn the relationship between blockchain and existing technologies like the Internet of Things, artificial intelligence and cyber security.
“It’s important to not only study new technologies quickly and thoroughly, but to pass on that knowledge to the next generation,” said Provost Brad Fuster. “I’m proud that SFBU staff and faculty are innovators who quickly adapt to stay up to date in their fields.”
Banafa’s MIT Horizon presentation, “Future of Blockchain Technology: Myths and Facts,” will be delivered on July 17 at 9 a.m. Click here to register for the webinar.
Read more SFBU news here. Got a story? Share it with us.





























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















