






















San Francisco Bay University Appoints Chief Learning Officer | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Back to News Center





San Francisco Bay University Appoints Chief Learning Officer
















September 11, 2024




 



San Francisco Bay University has named Dr. Anzar Khaliq as its first Chief Learning Officer.
Khaliq will lead SFBU’s new Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation (CEPI) and work with the senior leadership team to support the university’s commitment to innovative and inclusive pedagogical practices to enhance student engagement and learning.
“We are thrilled to welcome Dr. Khaliq to the SFBU community as the university’s first Chief Learning Officer,” said President Nick Ladany. “He brings a wealth of experience in teaching, scholarship and higher education leadership that will be a tremendous asset in this transformative role and in establishing the new center to promote teaching excellence.”
Khaliq comes to SFBU from Habib University in Pakistan, where he most recently served as the founding Associate Dean of Teaching and Learning and as an associate professor of Physics. He previously was the Assistant Dean of the university’s Dhanani School of Science and Engineering, the founding director of the Integrated Sciences and Mathematics program and the founder and director of its Center for Transdisciplinarity, Design, and Innovation.
He will start in his new role on June 1.
As the Chief Learning Officer, Dr. Khaliq will play a pivotal part in developing comprehensive plans for programming, faculty recruitment, and curriculum development. He will help design and implement programs to enhance the knowledge and skills of faculty and staff at all career stages and ensure the creation of inclusive learning environments.
“I’m excited for this new opportunity at SFBU, an institution that cherishes the vibrancy and diversity of its community and embraces the new landscape of teaching and learning that is a result of the digital realities of our time,” Dr. Khaliq said. “I share SFBU’s appreciation for a student-centered approach to teaching and the critical role that it plays in creating diverse and inclusive learning environments. I’m honored to be a part of this important work at SFBU.” 










 Learning & Teaching





















Related News












Custom AI tools help SFBU faculty become better teachers
























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















