






















Alumni Success Spotlight: Michael Tang, Master's in Electrical Engineering | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Back to News Center





Alumni Success Spotlight: Michael Tang, Master's in Electrical Engineering
















August 30, 2024




 



When Michael Tang first went to San Francisco Bay University, he had no idea he'd end up working there, starting his own company and eventually joining another startup that went public for big bucks.
After graduating with a master’s degree in electrical engineering, Tang worked at SFBU as the deputy director for admissions and director of placement. He would market the university to students and help them with internship and job opportunities.
He was attracted to the university because past President George Hsieh was his mentor. Tang was accepted to various institutions, but it was Hsieh’s seminar on Emotional Quotient and Intelligence Quotient that motivated him to attend SFBU in the heart of Silicon Valley.
“The education here I think inspires people to push their curiosity to the next level, especially in technology,” Tang said. “Because we are at such a crossroads of humanity and technology and design here, I got exposed to all the company cultures in the area and was inspired to study."
“And I think, as a student, the drive to know more will eventually push you to explore deeper in the subject that you are interested in, which is the most important thing. It's not the knowledge itself. It's that motivation behind that, to push us students to explore more.”
His advice to students is to make as many connections as possible. While working at SFBU after graduation, he was hosting a short-term rental and had the opportunity to meet all sorts of people. By chance, a businessman named David Kanel stayed over, and the relationship changed his life. The two of them started working together with other founding team members and raised money for the startup Boxc Logistics, launching Tang’s career to further heights.
From there, Tang joined mobile e-commerce marketplace Wish and helped build up its logistic infrastructure and system. It went public in 2020, and the father of two daughters is still excitedly constructing logistic solutions for the next generation of e-commerce.
If you have connections, you can connect technology, you can connect people, then you're halfway through success,” Tang said. “It's all about connecting dots and believing in yourself and taking a leap of faith. Sometimes you don't know what's going to be happening ahead of you. You just need to trust that it’s going to be great.”
 










 Alumni





















Related News












Alumni Success Spotlight: Afrin Patni, MBA















Alumni Success Spotlight: Avery Niou, Master's in Computer Science 
























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















