






















Alumni Success Spotlight: Afrin Patni, MBA | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Back to News Center





Alumni Success Spotlight: Afrin Patni, MBA
















August 30, 2024




 



Afrin Patni is following her American dream.
Originally from Mumbai, India, Patni studies at San Francisco Bay University to pursue a career in technology. Since she knows her bachelor’s degrees in sociology and education aren’t traditional for the field, she decided to enroll in the master's in business administration program at SFBU to help her jump into the industry.
“It was my dream to come here and study in America,” Patni said.
The university’s location is one of the main reasons Patni enrolled. Its proximity to San Francisco, Silicon Valley and companies such as Google, Zoom and Tesla was enticing to her. She also loves the mountain views, weather and hiking that she didn’t experience in India.
Patni credits her stellar education to SFBU’s small class sizes and personal relationships with teachers. She receives not only advice on her studies and career path, but for her personal life, as well.
“SFBU is not just about textbooks and lectures, it is preparing us for our future,” Patni said. “It's working on our soft skills. I know that when I graduate from SFBU, I'll get good opportunities where I can apply my skills and excel in my career to achieve great things.”
The university understands the importance of a proper work-life balance. There are clubs like Toastmasters International to improve one’s public speaking and leadership prowess, but there are also video game consoles ready to provide relief from stress. Outside of class, Patni can be found playing ping pong and board games.
Above all, Patni is proud to be a part of the SFBU community.
“This place feels like home, and I know that I have a bright future.”Patni graduated in January 2023 and works as a supply chain manager at Saitech Inc. in Silicon Valley. 










 Alumni





















Related News












 First Bay Area Founders Connect packs San Francisco Bay University campus with entrepreneurs
























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















