





















Student Life & Support | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply


































Student Life & Support












Home


Student Life & Support

















At San Francisco Bay University, we are a community that challenges, supports and inspires each other. As part of our mission, our Student Life & Support division advances equity and inclusion, deepens student learning, and provides holistic development through education, experiences and community.  










Student Life & Support




Success and Support Services






Residence Life & Housing






Student Success Hub






Meet the Student Success Team






BIT






Health & Wellness






Student Emergency Fund






















Student Support
  





 






Support Services



Our enrollment advisors and success counselors play a central role in guiding SFBU students on their journeys, from class registration to the job search. 


Read More








 






Our Neighborhood 



We designed our spaces to foster intentional community engagement and ensure students discover a sense of home on our campus in Fremont, California.


Read More








 






Student Success Hub



Housing all support services, the Student Success Hub is your one-stop shop for guidance throughout your SFBU journey.


Read More























Residential Life


San Francisco Bay University offers condominium-style university campus housing for both undergraduate and graduate students. Residential halls provide more than just a place to stay — they serve as the core foundation where residents can thrive academically and personally.













Residential Life page








Featured Student Life Events
  





 






Wellness Wednesdays: Yoga



Join us every Wednesday during the semester from 12-1 p.m. for yoga in the quad! Relax, unwind and be present. Yoga mats are provided.


Read More








 






How to be mindful 8-week workshop



Join the SFBU Mental Health Club and Executive Director of Wellness Isabel Fazzone for an eight-week workshop to harness the power of the present moment to practice mindfulness. The workshop will work through the book “The Power of Now” by Eckhart Tolle. The free book will be provided after your registration is approved. Zahra Mohammadsoltani, a graduate enrollment counselor and MBA alumna, will be hosting the sessions.
 


Read More








 






Tai Chi Tuesdays



Join us every Tuesday on the Quad from 12-1pm for Tai Chi 


Read More







































 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















