



















Accessibility and Disability | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Accessibility and Disability





Accessibility and Disability





















At SFBU, we do more than adhere to standards — we strive to set new ones. Review the accessibility and disability services we offer to ensure equitable learning experiences for all students.
 
Beyond Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Compliance
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) grants federal civil rights protections to all individuals with disabilities. This guarantees equal opportunities in state and local government services, public accommodations, employment, transportation, and telecommunications.
The ADA also requires institutions to make reasonable accommodations for students who are otherwise qualified but have disabilities, which can include learning disabilities, health impairments and other documented conditions.
As an institution set on removing barriers, SFBU goes beyond basic requirements in creating an inclusive and accessible learning environment for all students. While this commitment influences every aspect of life as a Bayhawk, our Accessibility and Disability Office plays an essential role in ensuring individual students have equal access to academic programs, services and facilities. 
Available Services
Accommodations Coordination: We work with eligible students to determine and implement appropriate accommodations based on individual needs. This may include extended time for exams, note-taking assistance, accessible formats for course materials, and more.
Accessibility Resources: We provide resources such as accessible campus transportation, priority registration and assistive technology to enhance academic participation and student life.
Advocacy and Support: We serve as an advocate for students with disabilities, collaborating with faculty and staff to promote awareness and facilitate reasonable accommodations in accordance with federal and state laws.
Educational Workshops: We offer workshops and training sessions on disability-related topics to promote understanding and support within the university community. 
How to Access Services
To receive services or accommodations, students should:
Contact: Email Accessibility@sfbu.edu to schedule an intake appointment.
Prepare: Provide recent documentation of their disability and prepare to engage in an interactive process beginning at the intake appointment.
Discuss: Meet with a staff member to discuss specific needs at the intake appointment and any scheduled follow-ups to develop an accommodation plan.
Renew Accommodations: Arrange periodic reviews to ensure accommodations remain appropriate and effective.
Please note that former Individualized Education Plans (IEPs) from K-12 institutions are not applicable in university settings and do not guarantee reasonable accommodation.
Confidentiality: All information regarding a student's disability is treated with respect and confidentiality in accordance with federal and university guidelines.


























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















