






















Alumni Success Spotlight: Avery Niou, Master's in Computer Science | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Back to News Center





Alumni Success Spotlight: Avery Niou, Master's in Computer Science 
















August 30, 2024




 



Avery Niou graduated from San Francisco Bay University with her Master of Science in Computer Science (MSCS) this past spring. Avery is multilingual: she speaks Mandarin, Taiwanese, English, and a bit of Japanese.
Avery was born and raised in Taiwan, but relocated to the San Francisco Bay Area two years ago. When speaking of the greatest challenge she has overcome thus far, Avery said, “I left my comfort zone where I grew up and a company I worked for six years. I decided to move to Silicon Valley without any family or friends, to pursue my dreams.”
When a friend of Avery’s landed a great position at a Silicon Valley company after earning a degree from San Francisco Bay University, she knew she would pursue her master's degree in Computer Science at SFBU. When asked what she enjoyed most about her experience while attending SFBU, Avery stated, “SFBU is a job hunting-oriented learning environment; new courses are constantly added to the curriculum based on the job market and current industry trends.”
Avery started her journey at SFBU with a passion for front-end software development, but hadn't yet obtained the knowledge and skills needed for the workforce. While taking a Computer Science course with Dr. Ken Cheung, JavaScript and Internet Programming, Avery's knowledge grew in this subject, pushing her further towards her goal of becoming a software engineer: “The projects from this course taught me so much. I was able to add them to my resume.” Other subjects that Avery studied during her time at SFBU include big data, cloud computing, and machine learning.
After earning her degree at San Francisco Bay University, Avery landed a job at PlayStation as a software engineer. When asked her definition of success, Avery stated, “I think success happens often, every time you achieve a small goal that is a success. Little successes accumulate to your life story.” Avery’s future goals include becoming a senior software engineer, exploring her passion further for front-end development, and enhancing her DevOps skills.
Congratulations and best wishes to Avery! Thank you for sharing your story with the San Francisco Bay University community.










 Alumni





















Related News












Alumni Success Spotlight: Michael Tang, Master's in Electrical Engineering















Alumni Success Spotlight: Afrin Patni, MBA
























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















