





















Startup Scholars | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply


































Startup Scholars 












Home


Admissions


Startup Scholars

















Full tuition, Full Support, Full entrepreneurial investment
The Startup Scholars cohort-based program provides access and opportunity to deserving students. At the heart of the cohort is a program built in the startup spirit of Silicon Valley.










Admissions




Undergraduate Admissions






Graduate Admissions






International Admissions






Transfer Admissions






Startup Scholars






Visit






Meet our Admissions Staff






Housing Information






Admitted Students






Important Dates


























 







Those offered admission into the program are given an unprecedented opportunity and level of support:• Full-ride scholarship.• Full coverage of living expenses.• A $10,000 investment into a passion project of theirchoice—Tied to computer science, business or another SFBU program.• Access to and support from President Ladany.• Access to and tailored support from the to-be-created SFBU Success Concierge.



Apply to be a Startup Scholar
Contact us about Startup Scholars
Apply to SFBU through the Common App
















What Is A Startup Scholar?


The SFBU Startup Scholars program is an innovative, cohort-based initiative that launched in Fall 2024, right in the heart of Silicon Valley. This program is tailored for aspiring entrepreneurs eager to thrive in an environment synonymous with innovation. Offering a Bachelor of Science in either Computer Science or Business Administration, Startup Scholars receive full-tuition scholarships, living expenses, and a $10,000 investment to fuel their passion projects. With a focus on socially minded and sustainability-driven innovations, this program embodies the entrepreneurial spirit that defines Silicon Valley.
 
Program Details
Students may select from two undergraduate majors: a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. Startup Scholars receive:

Full-tuition scholarship
Full coverage of living expenses in an SFBU residence hall
A $10,000 investment into a passion project of your choice. Pursue a project linked to a socially minded or sustainability focused innovation that could have an impact in a community or communities around the world.
Personal access to, and support from, SFBU President Nick Ladany, Ph.D.
Access to, and tailored support from, our Student Success Counselors — so that you can plot a course of action to achieve your goals

An optional Parent Involvement Program so that families can receive communications about upcoming events, reminders and deadlines, updates on new programs, and other pertinent information. We’ll also invite your family on-campus for special events each semester, because we want to keep them engaged. 
 








More Information



Eligibility Requirements


Startup Scholar Expectations


The Vision and Mission Behind Startup Scholars





 

Applicants who meet the following criteria are eligible to become Startup Scholars:

Minimum high school GPA of 3.0
Demonstrated idea/plan for a passion project
Recommendation from a mentor, teacher or other community figure
Status as a first-generation student
Demonstrated financial need
Commitment to remain at SFBU for a minimum of two academic years fully enrolled









 

Once enrolled, we expect Startup Scholars to:

Engage — with each other and with the Startup Scholars community. This includes attending events, meeting with staff regularly, being timely and professional, and supporting each other.
Communicate — with faculty and mentors via emails, text messages and phone calls. This includes promptly responding and addressing any action items outlined in the communication.
Prioritize — their education and their future. Life can get hectic, but our team is here to ensure all scholars reach graduation. The program aims to guide scholars in navigating higher education, but can only do so when students put their best foot forward.
Collaborate — with respect and kindness, especially when facing challenges that may arise. While conflict and hardship are never easy, learning to work through them is crucial to your professional and personal development.
Build — community with each other and the wider SFBU community. We understand students will each have their own college experience, but we expect our scholars to support each other, forge lasting friendships and hold one another accountable.
Share — their strengths with each other and the SFBU community to ensure everyone learns and grows collectively. 









 

Higher education is an investment in your future. But let’s be honest: Cost is the number one barrier students face in making the decision to enroll in college. So, we asked ourselves: “How often do universities invest fully in their students?” The answer? Not often enough.
But SFBU is a different kind of university, located in a different kind of place: Silicon Valley — our nation’s cradle of technological innovation. SFBU and the Valley we call home exist at the crossroads of technology and human creativity. However, if we are going to continue to drive the innovation Silicon Valley and the world requires, SFBU needs you.
At SFBU, our students are our greatest strength, our greatest joy, and our reason for existing. We want you to share your big ideas with us. We want to hear about what inspires you, what problems you want to help solve in your community — and we want SFBU to be a place where you can live, learn and grow with purpose. And cost shouldn’t be a barrier. So we took a cue from Industry and decided to make a significant investment in you.
That’s why we’re offering qualified applicants the opportunity to earn a full scholarship, with full support.  































 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















