





















Student Health Insurance | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Student Health Insurance





Student Health Insurance





















All students must have health insurance coverage for each term they are enrolled in and during semester breaks. Students enrolled in a 100% online modality are exempt from this health insurance requirement. Beginning September 1, 2024, SFBU offers international students health insurance coverage through Cigna Healthcare via International Student Insurance.
Domestic students seeking health coverage are encouraged to visit the following website to identify options, www.ehealthinsurance.com.
 
Students with Pre-Existing Health Insurance
If you have valid U.S. health insurance, and you do not qualify to purchase health insurance through SFBU (must be an international student), your insurance plan documents may be uploaded to your portal before or after you register for courses.
 
About the Insurance Plan - for International Students only
The SFBU student Health insurance plan is offered through International Student Insurance and is administered by Cigna Healthcare. The plan includes large networks of doctors and pharmacies, and focuses on easy use for all members. When you visit a participating healthcare provider or pharmacy, show your ID card, and they will file all claim forms for you.
Please refer to Cigna Health Policy at a Glance for more information. You can learn more about your plan and access your policy documents through your online Student Zone here.
Enrolled students can find a complete list of healthcare providers and pharmacies by visiting the provider directory. To find providers, log in to your Cigna Envoy account, or visit www.cigna.com and follow these steps:

Select “Employer or School”.
Enter address, city, or zip code, and then choose doctor type, by name, or facility.
Click “Continue as Guest.”
Click on “Continue”.
Choose the Open Access Plus Network.
View search results.

You must pay a $20 copay for in-network doctor visits, a $50 copay for in-network urgent care centers, and a $200 copay for in-network emergency room treatment, at the time of the visit. Please refer to the policy wording to learn more about any out-of-pocket expenses included in your plan.
For medicine prescriptions, you must pay a $30 copay for generic drugs, a $60 copay for preferred brand-name drugs, and a $100 copay for non-preferred brand-name drugs. The SFBU Student Health Insurance Plan brochure has more information about the prescription medication coverage included in your plan, and you can also contact Cigna with any questions about your prescriptions.
To visit the insurer home page and create your Cigna Envoy account, please visit your Student Zone for more information. Through your Cigna Envoy account, you will be able to file a new claim online, check the status of an existing claim, access Telemedicine, and more.
Important Note: All SFBU new students must review the Health Requirements information.
 
SFBU Student Health Insurance Card
You will receive your insurance card by email, using the same email address that you gave to SFBU. Please make sure that your email address is correct. If you do not receive your health insurance card, please contact groups@internationalstudentinsurance.com.
 
Contact Information
For assistance with your plan, please contact Cigna directly using the contact details below, or email International Student Insurance. If you are a current client and need emergency assistance, please dial the 24 hour number on the back of your insurance ID card.
🔹 USA Toll Free: +1.800.441.2668🔹 USA Direct: +1.302.797.3100🔹 Email: groups@internationalstudentinsurance.com🔹 Secure Messaging through Cigna Envoy 


























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















