





















Transfer Admissions | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply


































Transfer Admissions












Home


Admissions


Transfer Admissions

















At SFBU, we are committed to making your transition as a transfer student as smooth and stress-free as possible. Whether you're coming from a community college or another university, we’re here to support you every step of the way.
 
Articulation and Transfer Agreements
San Francisco Bay University maintains articulation agreements with multiple community colleges, which enable a smoother transfer of credits to SFBU and can shorten the time required for students to earn a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration or a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.
Further, the agreements clarify which courses map to the required undergraduate Core Curriculum and major courses.
For more information on transfer credits from colleges in the bay area or otherwise, prospective community college students should talk to their college counselors and the SFBU admissions team about transferring credits.










Admissions




Undergraduate Admissions






Graduate Admissions






International Admissions






Transfer Admissions






Startup Scholars






Visit






Meet our Admissions Staff






Housing Information






Admitted Students






Important Dates




























        Articulation agreements with the community colleges
      




SFBU has articulation agreements with the community colleges listed below:
 

American River College
Bakersfield College
Berkeley City College
Cerro Coso Community College
Chabot College
City College of San Francisco
College of Alameda
College of San Mateo
College of the Canyons
College of the Sequoias
Columbia College
Cosumnes River College
El Camino Community College
Evergreen Valley College
Fullerton College
Gavilan College
Glendale Community College
Hartnell College
Laney College
Las Positas College
Madera Community College
Mendocino College
Merritt College
Mission College
Monterey Peninsula College
Ohlone College
Porterville College
Reedley College
Sacramento City College
San Jose City College
Shasta College
Skyline College
West Valley College
Yuba College 

 








        Transfer guides with community colleges
      




SFBU completed transfer guides with the following community colleges: 

Antelope Valley College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Barstow Community College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Cañada College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Cerritos College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Chaffey College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Citrus College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Clovis Community College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Coastline Community College & SFBU Transfer Guide
College of the Redwoods & SFBU Transfer Guide
College of the Desert & SFBU Transfer Guide
Compton College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Copper Mountain College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Crafton Hills College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Cuesta College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Cuyamaca College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Cypress College & SFBU Transfer Guide
East Los Angeles College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Feather River College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Foothill College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Golden West College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Grossmont College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Los Medanos College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Merced College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Modesto Junior College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Napa Valley College & SFBU Transfer Guide
San Joaquin Delta College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Santa Rosa Junior College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Sierra College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Solano College & SFBU Transfer Guide
Victor Valley College & SFBU Transfer Guide
West Hills College Coalinga & SFBU Transfer Guide
Woodland Community College & SFBU Transfer Guide









        Other agreements
      




SFBU accesses course equivalencies mapped to courses at the colleges above using the Transfer Evaluation System (TES). 
For colleges not listed in the agreements and guides above, students should contact the SFBU admissions team to review the possibility of transferring credits.
Memorandums of Understanding with Nanchang Institute of Technology (NIT), ChinaSFBU and NIT have signed a memorandum of understanding to promote cultural, scientific, and technological exchanges as well as to facilitate educational development. The areas of cooperation include joint teaching, visits, and academic exchanges of teachers and students.
Articulation Agreement with ACI LearningACI Learning and SFBU have entered into an articulation agreement designed to expand services and opportunities for transfer students. This agreement allows ACI Learning students to transfer courses to bachelor's degree programs at SFBU via a course-specific pathway. 








         Undergraduate Transfer Credit Policy
      




Course credit earned at other institutions of higher education may be transferable. The transfer of credit is done at the program-of-study level, topic area level, the major and major selectable levels, and on a case-by-case basis.
The following statements apply to all transfer credits: 

The SFBU Admissions Office must receive all official transcripts prior to the student’s joining a degree program. Without pre-approval, transcripts received after the student joins SFBU cannot be used in transferring credits, except for records from the term immediately preceding the student’s starting semester at SFBU. 
Up to 75 units of courses that have been reviewed and currently approved as part of a formal SFBU articulation/transfer agreement are guaranteed to transfer.
The student must have been officially enrolled in the course.
Courses eligible for transfer by prearranged transfer/articulation agreement shall follow the details contained in the agreement. 
Courses eligible for one-to-one matching course transfer will be evaluated based on the compatibility in content, quality, and rigor with SFBU’s courses. Required courses require a closer compatibility match. 
Courses eligible for topic area transfer may be mapped to the program's relevant topic area unit requirements without the need for one-to-one course matching and may have their units used in lieu of required units with the approval of the Registrar and School Dean. 
The transfer evaluation includes — but is not limited to — course descriptions, course syllabi, and/or general public information. Students may be asked to provide course catalogs or syllabi. 
When evaluating any foreign transcript, the admission evaluators may accept or transfer credit based on their knowledge of the course contents in comparison with similar courses offered in the U.S.
Without prior approval, courses for transfer to SFBU may not be completed concurrently at another institution while a student is matriculated in an SFBU degree program.
College English courses taken at an institution where English is not an official language cannot be transferred for general education credit.
The credits under consideration for transfer must be earned at: (1) institutions approved by the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education(2) public or private institutions of higher learning accredited by an accrediting association recognized by the U. S. Department of Education(3) foreign institutions of higher learning.
Credits earned at a foreign institution degree must be evaluated by a member of National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), Association of International
Credential Evaluators (AICE) or American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers (AACRAO)’s International Education Services.
Professional Development Units (PDUs) offered by professional/industry organizations cannot be transferred to SFBU for academic credit.
Continuing Education Units (CEUs) offered on a non-academic basis by other academic institutions cannot be transferred to SFBU for academic credit.
Credits transferred at the time of admission evaluation will reduce program length. Credit transferred from any outside institution has no effect on the calculation of the student’s GPA or CGPA.
Credits transferred from any outside institution are excluded from the maximum attempted units for the program.

Credits are transferred by the following conversion:

Definition of a Semester Unit:One semester credit hour equals, at a minimum, 15 contact classroom hours of lecture, 30 contact hours of laboratory, or 45 contact hours of practicum.
Conversion Factor:1 quarter unit = 0.66 semester unit

Grades Required for Transfer CreditIn the bachelor's degree programs, applicable courses completed with an equivalency of a letter grade of "C" or better are transferable. ​Courses completed with Pass/No Pass are not transferable unless the transcript states that the general grading policy is not based on letter grades. This policy must be in writing from the institution (transcript key or a letter of verification).
Other Types of Undergraduate Transfer CreditThe following other types of credit may be transferable:

AP/IB course credit earned which is considered to be equivalent to college credit.
Credit by Examination - CLEP — SFBU grants credit to those students who pass examinations in English, natural sciences, humanities, and social science subjects offered by the College Level Examination Program (CLEP). Only General Education credits will be granted. Students should consult with the Admissions Office for information on acceptable CLEP scores and units. The CLEP Institution Code for SFBU is 7569.
Transfer of Credit from Defense Activity for Nontraditional Education Support (DANTES) and Military Services — Credits will be allowed for DANTES Subject Standardized Tests and professional military education evaluated by the American Council on Education (ACE). The maximum transferable credits follow the same policies as specified above.
SFBU’s evaluation of an application is made prior to the student’s admission to a program unless otherwise approved by the authorizing VA office. The DANTES Institution Code for SFBU is 9670. 









        Graduate Transfer Credit Policy
      




Graduate course credit earned at other accredited higher education institutions may be transferable to meet the student’s graduation requirements if the courses are closely related to the student's intended program of study and the grade earned meets the requirement stated below.
 
The following statements apply to qualified graduate transfer credits:

The SFBU Admissions Office must receive all official transcripts prior to the student’s joining a degree program. Without pre-approval, transcripts received after the student joins SFBU cannot be used in transferring credits, except for records from the term immediately preceding the student’s starting semester at SFBU.
Up to 12 units of courses that have been reviewed and currently approved as part of a formal SFBU articulation/transfer agreement are guaranteed to transfer.
The student must have been officially enrolled in the course.
Courses eligible for transfer will be evaluated based on the compatibility in content, quality and rigor of SFBU’s courses. The transfer evaluation includes — but is not limited to — course descriptions, course syllabi, and/or general public information. Students may be asked to provide course catalogs or syllabi.
No more than 12 units of qualified graduate-level course credits may be transferred. Students must take at least 24 units at SFBU degree program.
Without prior approval, courses for transfer to SFBU may not be completed concurrently at another institution while a student is matriculated in an SFBU.
The credits contemplated for transfer must be earned at:

(1) institutions approved by the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education
(2) public or private institutions of higher learning accredited by an accrediting association recognized by the U. S. Department of Education
(3) foreign institutions of higher learning.


Credits earned at a foreign institution degree must be evaluated by a member of National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), Association of International Credential Evaluators (AICE) or American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers (AACRAO)’s International Education Services.
Professional Development Units (PDUs) offered by professional/industry organizations cannot be transferred to SFBU for academic credit.
Continuing Education Units (CEUs) offered on a non-academic basis by other academic institutions cannot be transferred to SFBU for academic credit.
Credits transferred at the time of admission evaluation will reduce program length. Credit transferred from any outside institution has no effect on the calculation of the student’s GPA or CGPA.
Credits transferred from any outside institution are excluded from the maximum attempted units for the program.

 
Credits are transferred by the following conversion:

Definition of a Semester Unit:One semester credit hour equals, at a minimum, 15 contact classroom hours of lecture, 30 contact hours of laboratory, or 45 contact hours of practicum.
Conversion Factor:1 quarter unit = 0.66 semester unit

 
Grades Required for Transfer Credit
In the master’s degree programs, qualified courses completed with an equivalency of a letter grade of "B" or better are transferable. Courses completed with Pass/No Pass are not transferable unless the transcript states that the general grading policy is not based on letter grades. This policy must be in writing from the institution (transcript key or a letter of verification).






















Application deadlines




 



Semester


International & COS


Domestic + International Transfer-in




Spring


October 15


December 1




Summer


February 15


May 1




Fall


May 15


July 15












Ready for the next step?


 
Apply through the SFBU portal
Request information
















Call Us
(510) 803-7328, Ext. 1 Monday through Friday 9 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.







Meet us on campus
Walk-ins welcome Monday - Friday 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.  161 Mission Falls, Fremont, CA 







Email Us
admissions@sfbu.edu




















Already admitted to SFBU? Welcome


 
ADMITTED STUDENTS PORTAL





























 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















