





















BIT | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Student Life & Support


BIT





BIT




















About



Mission Statement
The Behavioral Intervention Team  (BIT) is a university-wide team of appointed staff and faculty responsible for identifying, assessing, and responding to concerns and disruptive behaviors by students, faculty, staff, and community members who struggle academically, emotionally, or psychologically, or who present a risk to the health or safety of the university or its members.
Team Goals

Provide a safe and supportive environment for members of the university community
Gather, assess, and deploy interventions with individuals who demonstrate concerning or threatening behavior
Provide support and resources to community members who are concerned for another individual

Team Responsibilities

Develop and implement educational and training programs for all members of the university community regarding behavioral assessment. This should include publications and promotional materials designed to create awareness and understanding of the BIT and what to refer, as well as in-person training to develop more profound knowledge on how to identify, support, and refer an individual of concern.
Maintain a current website, which can be easily accessed from the university’s home page and other relevant departmental pages. This site should include links to informational and referral sites and instructions for making a referral to the BIT.
Receive, coordinate, and assess referrals received from faculty, staff, students, and others regarding individuals of concern.
Coordinate interventions and resource assistance for individuals of concern.
Assist the Office of Student Conduct and the Admissions Office in reviewing applications for admission to the university of students who indicated that they have a criminal record or currently have charges pending; or students who were suspended or expelled from a previously attended educational institution.
Provide an annual report to the Vice President of Enrollment Management and Student Affairs.





The Team 



The BIT consists of university personnel with expertise in student affairs, mental and physical health, student conduct, and law enforcement/campus safety. Membership on the BIT represents an ongoing commitment to the mission of the BIT. Team members are critical to the functioning of the team. They are responsible for completing ongoing training, attending meetings, and assisting with follow-up and intervention as designated by their membership category.
Referral Process: electronic referral
When to refer?









        Academic Referral Indicators
      





A sudden or unexpected change in classroom behavior or performance
Decline in enthusiasm for class (e.g. no longer participating in class discussions)
Frequent requests for special provisions (e.g. late papers, extension requests, postponed exams)
Disruptive, hardened, or unusual participation in class (e.g. questions off topic, argumentative in discussions)
Strange or concerning writing (e.g. writing is off topic to prompt, writing includes violent imagery, fantasy)
Poor focus or attention during class









        Emotional Referral Indicators
      





Explosive or impulsive behavior
Marked irritability, anger, hostility, etc.
Talking to or seeing things that aren’t there
Emotions that are extreme for the situation
Delusional or paranoid speech or actions
Teasing or bullying (receiving or giving)
Difficulty connecting to others
Social withdrawal, isolation, loneliness
Expressions of hopelessness, worthlessness, etc.
Change in typical personality (more outgoing or more withdrawn than usual)
Talks about themes of suicide, loss of will to live, etc.
Difficulty dealing with an event (e.g. death of loved one)
Directly mentions self-harm, suicide, or harm to others
Mentions dealing with depression, anxiety, substance use, eating disorder, etc.
Making a Referral









        Physical Referral Indicators
      





Chronic fatigue or falling asleep at inappropriate times
Marked change in personal hygiene or appearance
Noticeable change in energy level
Dramatic weight loss or gain
Confused, disjointed thoughts, speech, or actions
Attends class or work hungover/intoxicated, or frequently appears hungover/intoxicated
Signs of self-injury (cuts, burns, etc.)











 
How to Make a Referral









        No Immediate Concern for Safety
      





If there is not a concern for safety or a need for an immediate response, make a referral by:

Preferred method: completing the referral form at here
Calling: 510-803-7328 ext 109
Emailing: bitcareteam@sfbu.edu











        Immediate Safety Concern
      





If there is a concern for safety (themes of, or direct statement of, self-harm, suicide, or harm to others, seems out of touch with reality, displays delusional or aggressive behavior, etc.) get immediate help by: calling 911
Once you’ve gotten immediate help, make a referral to the team
















Safety and Wellness Resources



We are committed to creating a diverse, inclusive, and equitable space where all students can thrive and bring their fullest self to campus. To this end, we endlessly value our students’ safety and well-being. Learn more about the safety and wellness Resources>>











Contact Us
If there is not a concern for safety or a need for an immediate response, make a referral by completing the referral form







Submit Report Here




















Student Life & Support




Success and Support Services






Residence Life & Housing






Student Success Hub






Meet the Student Success Team






BIT






Health & Wellness






Student Emergency Fund




















 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















