





















The SFBU Core Curriculum | San Francisco Bay University









        Skip to main content
      






















          San Francisco Bay University
        




Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store



























Search










Header Action Navigation





Visit


Apply 


Online store




Mega Menu


Why We're Here








Our CampusStrategic Plan






Our Leadership






Our Glossary of Terms











Learning & Teaching








Undergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs






Academic CalendarThe Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBULibrary






Cultivating Industry Aligned CompetenciesThe SFBU Core Curriculum











Student Life








Success and Support ServicesResidential LifeStudent Handbook






BITHealth and Wellness






Accessibility and DisabilityStudent Emergency Fund






Student Success HubMeet the Student Success Team











Financial Support








Tuition and Costs






Scholarships and Financial Aid






Student Employment











Community








Silicon Valley






Alumni






News






Events











Admissions








Undergraduate AdmissionsGraduate AdmissionsStartup Scholars






International AdmissionsTransfer AdmissionsAdmitted Students






Request Information Meet our staff Important Dates






VisitApply
































Home


Learning & Teaching


The SFBU Core Curriculum





The SFBU Core Curriculum















San Francisco Bay University is redefining teaching and learning — for good — starting with a student-centric core curriculum called Agility Praxis Pathway (APP, for short) that leads transdisciplinary, guided explorations of life’s most pressing questions.









APP’s Mission 


We meticulously crafted Agility Praxis Pathway (APP) to foster students' cognitive, emotional, interpersonal and ethical growth. Graduates will be prepared to make a positive social impact thanks to their immersion in diverse perspectives, relevant methodologies and interpretive approaches. 
Student Identities 
As a crucial component of core curriculum development, we pinpointed five characteristics that encapsulate the shared spirit of SFBU students and alumni, reflecting a unique Bayhawk identity:

Tenacious Leader: You understand the power of growing through what you go through. Your ability to embrace challenges with a growth mindset and creative solutions inspires others to do the same.
Interpersonally Gifted: You build bridges and meaningful relationships. You are a master of communication, collaboration and teamwork.
Global Navigator: You understand the value of being a world citizen in an interconnected global community. You appreciate and work seamlessly with people from diverse cultures (e.g. race, gender, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, ability, religion and national origin).
Tech Trendsetter: You recognize that technology is a valuable tool when harnessed responsibly. You lean in to understand, work with and shape digital innovations.
Enlightened Thinker: You understand the power of informed decision-making. You harness research, logic, intuition, creativity and critical thinking to make wise decisions. 

 
Core Competencies
Each characteristic presents itself in Bayhawks through competencies that can be measured by specific behavioral indicators. For that reason, these indicators also serve as core learning outcomes for undergraduate students.




Student Identities


Competencies






Tenacious Leader


Growth Mindset


Creative Problem-Solving


Productive Optimism




Interpersonally Gifted


Emotional Intelligence


Collaborative Team-Building


Communication Excellence




Global Navigator


Cultural Competence


Bias Management


Diversity and Inclusion Advocacy




Tech Trendsetter


Tech Agility


Digital Innovation


AI Stewardship




Enlightened Thinker


Interdisciplinary Curiosity


Integrative Decision-Making


Critical Inquiry
 





 







APP: Course List and Descriptions





        How to Tell Your Story
      




This course explores the power of personal narrative as a lens for self-awareness, self-discovery and a foundational component of life design. The course follows the design-thinking norm that before we engage in the work of design — whether a product or our lives — we must deeply understand where we are and how we got there. Only then can we accurately determine our potential paths forward.
You'll examine the experiences that shape your worldview, delve into the stories we tell ourselves, untangle complexity into themes, and gain the tools to articulate your unique story — all while experimenting with the core composition skills, styles, tools and mediums central to modern writing and communication.
 








          How to Design Your Personal & Professional Life
      




Design your personal and academic lives with intentionality and purpose. Through interactive exercises, reflection and exploration, you'll engage with the six equally vital pillars of your SFBU experience (academics, career readiness, life literacy, wellness, financial support and multiple meaningful relationships) and take a design-thinking approach to crafting your university experience and beyond.
 
 
 
 








        How to Communicate in a Global Context
      




This course delves into the complexities of communication in a globalized world. It examines cultural nuances, technological advancements and cross-cultural communication strategies. You'll develop skills to effectively collaborate across diverse human and linguistic contexts. From foundational communication practices to nuanced cultural navigation and interaction skills for impact and influence, you'll consistently grow your communication skills through intentional, research-backed planning, practice and feedback loops.
 
 








        How to Lead Well
      




What does leadership really mean? What makes a great leader? How has the mental model for who is a leader changed over time? This course provides an overview of modern leadership theory, exploring up-to-date ways of thinking about leadership in contemporary contexts and lessons drawn from a historical survey of leaders over time. You’ll analyze case studies and contemporary examples to explore within the context of the leadership’s complexities in today's world.
 








        How to Use Math in Real Life
      




Drawing direct connections to math’s real-life applications, you'll go beyond equations and discover the often obscured wonder of mathematics. This course unveils the mathematical mindsets that shape our world and equips you with the tools to think critically, solve problems creatively and make informed decisions.
 
Through interactive activities, analysis, real-world examples and collaborative projects, you'll unlock the beauty and power of math, appreciating its role in everyday life (Amazon reviews), history (Billy Bean and the Oakland A's), cutting-edge scientific discoveries, and even its potential to support your own big ideas for impact (social justice, product solutions, service opportunities).
 








        How Your Brain Works — And How to Use It
      




This course takes students through the process of scientific discovery by exploring the intricacies of the human brain. By leveraging leading neuroscience and psychology principles, students will illuminate the inner workings of the brain, including memory formation, neural plasticity and the neuroscience of learning agility. In the end, you’ll gain practical strategies for enhancing brain performance.
 
By embracing a growth mindset and challenging preconceived notions, you will learn to adapt and evolve your thinking. Hands-on experimentation and guided exercises will teach you techniques for changing thought patterns, cultivating curiosity and trying new skills. Moreover, this course will empower you to harness the power of your mind, enabling you to thrive academically, professionally and personally in an ever-evolving world of discovery and innovation.
 
 








        How To Create with Computation & Machine Learning
      




Using computation as a creative tool, this course explores the intersection of computer science, math, art and design. You'll explore the hidden connections between seemingly disparate worlds, leveraging computational tools to reveal the mesmerizing patterns that dance across artistic expressions, mathematical principles and scientific phenomena.
 
Explore machine learning, the language of code and algorithms to unpack what is possible within computational creativity. You'll gain computational skills, delve into the world of generative art, wrestle with questions of modern creativity, and develop a deep understanding of how math and science can fuel artistic innovation.
 
 








        How to Use Data Science & Game Thinking for Social Impact
      




This course navigates the intersection of data science, game theory and social sciences to tackle pressing societal challenges. Through a transdisciplinary lens, you’ll study the methodologies of systems and framework thinking, providing you with the tools to analyze complex social issues such as poverty alleviation, healthcare access, environmental sustainability, and social justice.
 
You will engage in hands-on projects that integrate critical thinking, information sciences, data modeling and research methods. By applying these methodologies to real-world scenarios, you’ll gain practical experience in analyzing data, identifying key variables,  devising strategic interventions and considering the ethical implications of interventions to address social issues. The final application project in this course will be to collaboratively create a framework that addresses a critical social challenge.
 
 








        How Can We Thrive: Scientific Inquiry and the Future of Sustainability (Part I)
      




This course explores the interconnectedness of natural systems through the lens of physical and biological sciences, equipping you with a deep understanding of the delicate balance Earth requires for thriving. You'll explore the principles of sustainability and environmental stewardship, as well as how they translate into contemporary action.
 








        How to Design Social Innovation/Impact Solutions to Thrive? (Part II)
      




​​If you want to incubate a social impact entrepreneurial venture during your university experience, SFBU offers an unparalleled social impact entrepreneurship pathway. As a part of the core, each student will go through the design thinking process of user research, defining the problem they aim to solve, challenging assumptions, ideation and prototyping.
 
Students who choose to move to a cycle of testing and refining their prototype will earn undergraduate units and receive comprehensive support from industry experts and mentors to launch an LLC or 501 C3. We’ll even cover initial start-up costs or help raise capital.



















Undergraduate Programs


San Francisco Bay University’s graduate programs nurture the holistic development of students in preparation for senior-level and managerial positions. You gain access to a network of peers, professors and industry leaders who view these connections not as self-serving currency to trade, but as community-enriching bridges to treasure.
undergrad programs 







Graduate Programs


San Francisco Bay University’s graduate programs nurture the holistic development of students in preparation for senior-level and managerial positions. You gain access to a network of peers, professors and industry leaders who view these connections not as self-serving currency to trade, but as community-enriching bridges to treasure. 
 GRAD programs 





























Learning & Teaching




Undergraduate programs






Graduate programs






The Center for Empowerment and Pedagogical Innovation (CEPI)






The SFBU Core Curriculum






Cultivating Industry-Aligned Competencies






Gaining Financial and Life Literacy at SFBU






Aspiring Community Entrepreneurs (ACE) Certificate






Academic Calendar




















 



San Francisco Bay University



          161 Mission Falls Lane      
      Fremont,           CA 94539
  



510-803-7328 (SFBU)



 







Linkedin




 







Instagram




 







Facebook




 







Youtube




 







X (Twitter)










 

News
Events
Request Information
University Policies 
Accessibility + Disability
Contact Us 
Privacy



 

Student Success Hub
Careers at SFBU
Health and Wellness
Course Catalog 
Accreditation
SFBU Board
SFBU Library



 

Canvas 
My SFBU - applicant 
My SFBU - faculty 
My SFBU - student 
Alumni
Academic Calendar
IT support services













©2024 San Francisco Bay University









Back to the top
              
















