



Reddit - Dive into anything












































Skip to main content

























Open menu

Open navigation



































































 
Go to Reddit Home














r/VRGaming
                

A chip








A close button













Get app



Get the Reddit app



Log In

Log in to Reddit









Expand user menu
Open settings menu











Log In / Sign Up
















Advertise on Reddit
















Shop Collectible Avatars












          Get the Reddit app
        














Scan this QR code to download the app now



          Or check it out in the app stores 
        



























 















                  r/VRGaming
                  
                

  
                    members


  
                      online












Create Post














 






Feed









About












Hot

        Open sort options
      





Hot











New











Top











Rising










 





            Change post view
          










Card
















Compact




















            Community highlights
          





🎮🎥🕹️ SELF PROMOTION SATURDAY 🕹️🎥🎮




        Megathread
      




      votes
     • 
      
comment







🎮🎥🕹️ SELF PROMOTION SATURDAY 🕹️🎥🎮




        Announcement
      




      votes
     • 
      
comments







Read Before Posting - Buyers Guide, Headset Recommendations, System Requirements, PC Troubleshooting, FAQ, Q&A










      votes
     • 
      
comments







Recommended Games - PCVR, Quest & PSVR










      votes
     • 
      
comments
















Here's a VR cave exploration game called "Caved In" that I've been working on that plays on your sense of claustraphobia.






u/Fargamer5













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •























     Here's a VR cave exploration game called "Caved In" that I've been working on that plays on your sense of claustraphobia.
  





    Developer
  



































Tokyo VR game? 






u/MoodMasterMiley













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •























     Tokyo VR game? 
  





    Question
  








    Hello everyone I apologize if this isn't the correct spot to ask this. My brother-in-law is entering end of life care due to aggressive cancer and has always dreamed of going to Tokyo and visiting Your Name Stairway. Apparently it's big in the anime he likes. He was supposed to visit Tokyo this spring but with his recent diagnosis that isn't an option.
  
    Is there a game/experience that takes place in Tokyo? Perhaps even with the stairway itself? Im not a VR guy myself so am completely lost in where to begin. Any help pointing us in the right direction? Thanks.
  











EXOcars VR Racing Release Date Confirmed: October 17th!






u/JoyWayVR













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •























     EXOcars VR Racing Release Date Confirmed: October 17th!
  





    Developer
  
































 




































              Top 2%
            

              Rank by size 









 Created May 6, 2013
   


 Public
   Anyone can view, post, and comment to this community


 


 Rules










1



            Not directly VRgaming related.
          

















    "Related" means that posts must contain gaming-related content in the link's content, or in the post's body in the case of a self-post, not just a "forced" connection via the title or a caption added to the content.
  













2



            Piracy
          

















Reddit has a zero tolerance no piracy policy.

    Enabling piracy, via links to torrent sites, direct downloads, or attempting to solicit information regarding piracy on this sub will result in a permanent ban.
  













3



            Spoilers / NSFW
          

















    Spoilers are NOT allowed in submission titles. NSFW content must be marked / flaired as such. Posts of games that are pornography can be removed at the Mods discretion.
  













4



            No Trades, Items for sale, NFT's or Referral codes
          

















    No product requests, trades, NFT's, referral codes or items for sale.
  
    If you initiate a trade either as a seller or recipient the post will be removed. Selling and trading is against our rules, please use external sites such as ebay, gumtree, craigslist etc.
  













5



            Spam / Excessive self-promotion
          

















    Don't spam. No referral/affiliate links. No survey links. No livestream promotion.
  













6



            Hate speech
          

















    Posts and comments, whether in jest or with malice, that contain racist, sexist, homophobic, threats, or other toxic content will be removed, regardless of popularity or relevance. Attempts to provoke political discord or promote any particular political agenda will result in post removal.
  
    Especially egregious violations or repeat offenses will result in accounts banned from r/vrgaming.
  













7



            Low effort posts relating to your PC Specs or which headset to buy are not allowed.
          

















    Low effort posts regarding your hardware specifications or seeking headset purchase advice are not allowed and will be removed. The community is neither your tech support nor are they here for purchase advice.
  
    Dozens of these posts are made each day, often with very little research before posting, we have assembled a comprehensive guide to assist you and advise you to visit the pinned post.
  
    Occasionally, we make an exception to this rule if we believe the answer is not available in our guide.
  













8



            Read our PC System Requirements & Recommendations post before posting a question.
          

















    Casual posts regarding System Requirements will be removed if we believe the answer is already available in our PCVR System Requirements thread.
  
    Please visit the PCVR System Requirements & Recommendations (Laptops & Desktops) post.
  













9



            Read our FAQ before posting a General question
          

















    We request that all visitors to our sub read the FAQ before posting a general question to the community.
  
    Posts relating to questions already answered in our FAQ will be removed.
  













10



            Read our Headset Specifications & Comparisons Guide before asking for recommendations
          

















    We understand that deciding which VR Headset to purchase can difficult however a considerable number of recommendation posts are made each day.
  
Before creating a question please follow these guidelines:



    Visit our Headset Specifications & Comparisons Post
  


    Research the available devices using Youtube
  


    Use the search feature
  


    Casual posts regarding Headset recommendations are not permitted.
  













11



            Read our Performance Troubleshooting Guide before asking for tech support
          

















    If you are encountering PCVR performance issues please complete the following steps.
  


    Visit our PCVR Performance Troubleshooting Guide



    If you still have issues, please follow the steps found in our Tech Support in order to diagnose your issue.
  


    *Questions posted without following these steps will be removed
  













12



            Read our Game Recommendation post
          

















    We receive a considerable number of posts each day from users who are looking for VR game recommendations.
  
    As these posts are flooding the sub, they often get ignored and have to be cleaned up by our moderators.
  
    To help you decide which great game you should play next we have created a dedicated Game Recommendation post.
  
    Posts submitted asking for game recommendations may be removed.
  













13



            Data collection & Surveys are not permitted.
          

















    In order to protect the privacy and safety of our users, all forms of data collection, irrespective of the means, circumstance or application, is not allowed in this sub.
  












Topics



Gaming














&nbsp;











&nbsp;








 











TOPICS



























Internet Culture (Viral)




















Amazing














Animals & Pets














Cringe & Facepalm














Funny














Interesting














Memes














Oddly Satisfying














Reddit Meta














Wholesome & Heartwarming


























Games




















Action Games














Adventure Games














Esports














Gaming Consoles & Gear














Gaming News & Discussion














Mobile Games














Other Games














Role-Playing Games














Simulation Games














Sports & Racing Games














Strategy Games














Tabletop Games


























Q&As




















Q&As














Stories & Confessions


























Technology




















3D Printing














Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning














Computers & Hardware














Consumer Electronics














DIY Electronics














Programming














Software & Apps














Streaming Services














Tech News & Discussion














Virtual & Augmented Reality


























Pop Culture




















Celebrities














Creators & Influencers














Generations & Nostalgia














Podcasts














Streamers














Tarot & Astrology


























Movies & TV




















Action Movies & Series














Animated Movies & Series














Comedy Movies & Series














Crime, Mystery, & Thriller Movies & Series














Documentary Movies & Series














Drama Movies & Series














Fantasy Movies & Series














Horror Movies & Series














Movie News & Discussion














Reality TV














Romance Movies & Series














Sci-Fi Movies & Series














Superhero Movies & Series














TV News & Discussion

























  








RESOURCES























About Reddit








 









Advertise








 









Help








 









Blog








 









Careers








 









Press








 









Communities








 









Best of Reddit








 









Topics








 









Content Policy








 









Privacy Policy








 









User Agreement













 
Reddit, Inc. © 2024. All rights reserved.








 

 


 

























    
 








