



Reddit - Dive into anything












































Skip to main content

























Open menu

Open navigation



































































 
Go to Reddit Home














r/books
                

A chip








A close button













Get app



Get the Reddit app



Log In

Log in to Reddit









Expand user menu
Open settings menu











Log In / Sign Up
















Advertise on Reddit
















Shop Collectible Avatars












          Get the Reddit app
        














Scan this QR code to download the app now



          Or check it out in the app stores 
        



























 















                  r/books
                  
                

  
                    members


  
                      online












Create Post















 






Feed









About












Hot

        Open sort options
      





Hot











New











Top











Rising










 





            Change post view
          










Card
















Compact




















            Community highlights
          





What Books did You Start or Finish Reading this Week?: September 30, 2024










      votes
     • 
      
comments







Weekly Recommendation Thread: September 27, 2024










      votes
     • 
      
comments
















Melania Trump passionately defends abortion rights in upcoming memoir








u/newzee1













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •

































     Melania Trump passionately defends abortion rights in upcoming memoir 







https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2024/oct/02/melania-trump-memoir-defends-abortion-rights






















People are supporting 'book sanctuaries' despite politics: 'No one wants to be censored'








u/zsreport













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •

































     People are supporting 'book sanctuaries' despite politics: 'No one wants to be censored'
  






https://www.usatoday.com/story/entertainment/books/2024/09/27/book-bans-book-sanctuary/75400509007/






















Reading my first John Updike, kinda skeeved out by it.






u/MinxyMyrnaMinkoff













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •

























     Reading my first John Updike, kinda skeeved out by it.
  






    I’ve never read any John Updike before, but I have read a ton of what I would consider “dude lit,” even though I’m a straight woman. I love Ernest Hemingway, John Steinbeck, Philip Roth, Don Delillo, Bret Easton Ellis, etc. But this John Updike guy? I just don’t know about him.
  
    I’m reading The Villages, which maybe isn’t a great place to start, but I just really don’t like how Updike writes about women and sex. It’s like he has no empathy for his female characters, at all, it’s like they’re just sex-puppets to him. And this is coming from someone who loves Bret Easton Ellis! Who has sawed his female characters in half! Hemingway, who has knocked up several poor long-suffering nurses and abandoned them! Steinbeck, who has given us so many drunken louts who let down the women in their lives.
  
    I don’t know why Updike’s suburban, milquetoast misogyny bothers me so much! I guess it’s this pervasive belief that his characters seem to have that women are so “different” so “exotic and unknowable.” It’s like, they are just women, like, half the people on the planet, like your own mom and sister. Why does he write about them like they are another species?
  
    I was going to read Rabbit, Run, but now I’m just too skeeved out. Does it handle its female characters well? Is it worth reading? Thanks!
  










 







































              Rank by size 









 Created Jan 25, 2008
   


 Public
   Anyone can view, post, and comment to this community


 


Community Bookmarks





Wiki





Book Recommendations





What We're Reading





Simple Questions







End of 2023 Threads













Calendar of Events








 




Gifts for readers








 




Best of 2023 Lists








 




Your Year in Reading








 




Best Books of 2023








 




Reading Resolutions















 


 Rules










1



            Discussion is the Goal
          

















    Rule 1: All posts must be directly book related, informative, and discussion focused.
  













2



            Uncivil behavior
          

















    Rule 2: Please use a civil tone and assume good faith when entering a conversation. Please conduct yourself as though in a family-friendly environment. Do not use obscenities, slurs, or gender-charged insults.
  
    Incivility will be met with a warning or ban, depending on the number and severity of uncivil comments, and repeat offenders will be banned.
  













3



            Recommendation Requests
          

















    Rule 3.3: Requests for personalized recommendations or suggestions are not allowed. Post instead to our Weekly Recommendation Thread (always CSS stickied at the top of any r/books page), r/suggestmeabook or r/whattoreadwhen. Also try r/booklists or our Suggested Reading list wiki page. Posts asking users to list their favorite/the best book of a genre, style, etc that don't include an answer and why in the body will be assumed to be recommendation requests and removed.
  













4



            What's That Book Called?
          

















    Rule 3.4: "What's that book called?" posts are not allowed. Post instead to r/whatsthatbook or r/tipofmytongue.
  













5



            Promotional
          

















    Rule 3.1: Promotional posts and/or comments need to meet the promotional rules requirements: please see the wiki for more details. This includes surveys and market research.
  
    If you are posting your own content, you must meet  all other r/books rules, you must meet the 9:1 ratio, you must make it a self-post and you must be up front in the title that it is your own work.
  













6



            Distribution or solicitation for pirated material
          

















    Rule 3.6: No distribution or solicitation for pirated books. We aren't telling you not to discuss piracy (it is an important topic), but we do not allow anyone to share links and info on where to find pirated copies. This rule comes from no personal opinion of the mods' regarding piracy, but because r/books is an open, community-driven forum and it is important for us to abide the wishes of the publishing industry.
  













7



            Unmarked spoilers
          

















    Rule 3.9: If you do not mark your post or comment as having spoilers it will be removed. Any posts with a spoiler in the title will be removed.
  
    Spoiler tags in comments are done like the example below if you are using markdown or use the built-in spoiler tags on the redesign.
  
    How to spoiler tag: >!spoiler here!< displays as spoiler here














8



            Homework help request
          

















    Rule 3.12: Obvious requests for homework where the OP has done little/no work will be removed. As an alternative there is r/HomeworkHelp. Please read their rules before posting over there.
  













9



            Image-Only/Video-Only
          

















    Rule 3.2: No memes, image-macros, image-only, or video-only posts. You may make a self-post and include with it an image or video, keeping in mind Rule #1. Please note: shallow posts are not allowed but you are allowed to post if you give some information of elaboration along with the image.
  













10



            Low Quality Book List
          

















    3.8: No low quality book lists (eg: Buzzfeed). To maintain quality, the list must encourage discussion. The list itself must have descriptive paragraphs for each book. Users are also encouraged to submit their own unique lists as a self-post. Alternatively, there is r/booklists.
  













11



            Full Rules and Guidelines
          

















    Please read the r/books full rules and guidelines here.







 


Scheduled Posts








Favorite Books


            October 3, 2024
            
          











Weekly Recommendation Thread


            October 4, 2024
            
          











Simple Questions


            October 5, 2024
            
          











Weekly FAQ: Which contemporary novels do you think deserve to become classics?


            October 6, 2024
            
          











What are you Reading?


            October 7, 2024
            
          











Simple Questions


            October 8, 2024
            
          











LOTW


            October 9, 2024
            
          











Favorite Books


            October 10, 2024
            
          











Weekly Recommendation Thread


            October 11, 2024
            
          











Simple Questions


            October 12, 2024
            
          














Topics



Book


Reading, Writing, and Literature






Installed Apps







Comment Mop













Remove Macro













Auto Send To























&nbsp;











&nbsp;








 











TOPICS



























Internet Culture (Viral)




















Amazing














Animals & Pets














Cringe & Facepalm














Funny














Interesting














Memes














Oddly Satisfying














Reddit Meta














Wholesome & Heartwarming


























Games




















Action Games














Adventure Games














Esports














Gaming Consoles & Gear














Gaming News & Discussion














Mobile Games














Other Games














Role-Playing Games














Simulation Games














Sports & Racing Games














Strategy Games














Tabletop Games


























Q&As




















Q&As














Stories & Confessions


























Technology




















3D Printing














Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning














Computers & Hardware














Consumer Electronics














DIY Electronics














Programming














Software & Apps














Streaming Services














Tech News & Discussion














Virtual & Augmented Reality


























Pop Culture




















Celebrities














Creators & Influencers














Generations & Nostalgia














Podcasts














Streamers














Tarot & Astrology


























Movies & TV




















Action Movies & Series














Animated Movies & Series














Comedy Movies & Series














Crime, Mystery, & Thriller Movies & Series














Documentary Movies & Series














Drama Movies & Series














Fantasy Movies & Series














Horror Movies & Series














Movie News & Discussion














Reality TV














Romance Movies & Series














Sci-Fi Movies & Series














Superhero Movies & Series














TV News & Discussion

























  








RESOURCES























About Reddit








 









Advertise








 









Help








 









Blog








 









Careers








 









Press








 









Communities








 









Best of Reddit








 









Topics








 









Content Policy








 









Privacy Policy








 









User Agreement













 
Reddit, Inc. © 2024. All rights reserved.








 

 


 

























    
 








