



Reddit - Dive into anything












































Skip to main content

























Open menu

Open navigation



































































 
Go to Reddit Home














r/audioengineering
                

A chip








A close button













Get app



Get the Reddit app



Log In

Log in to Reddit









Expand user menu
Open settings menu











Log In / Sign Up
















Advertise on Reddit
















Shop Collectible Avatars












          Get the Reddit app
        














Scan this QR code to download the app now



          Or check it out in the app stores 
        



























 















                  r/audioengineering
                  
                

  
                    members


  
                      online












Create Post














 






Feed









About












Hot

        Open sort options
      





Hot











New











Top











Rising










 





            Change post view
          










Card
















Compact




















            Community highlights
          





r/AudioEngineering Shopping, Setup, and Technical Help Desk










      votes
     • 
      
comments







Please Read Our FAQ Before Posting - It May Answer Your Question!










      votes
     • 
      
comments
















"The Sony MDR 7506s are the NS10s of the headphones"






u/Born_Zone7878













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •























     "The Sony MDR 7506s are the NS10s of the headphones" 







    This has never rang so true to me.
  
    A little backstory. After using Beyers 770s with Sonarworks and having mixed results (more often than not related to the fact that I was learning mixing) for a few years, I got a second pair of headphones, more portable and that could be used by artists and musicians whenever necessary. I always heard wonders of the 7506s. Andrew Scheps uses them apparently almost exclusively on the go, and they are the industry standard. Cheap, reliable solid build.
  
    I gave them a try and always heard they weren't good sounding headphones and it wasn't their point. They lacked bass, and had a sizzling mid-high end which at first I wasn't particularly fond of.
  
    I've used them exclusively for the last couple of days, always having in mind that they are made kinda like NS10s (not sound wise, but in terms of the objective of them): if you can make a mix sound good in them, the mix will sound good anywhere. So I gave them a try. Having mixed 2 or 3 songs already I noticed a massive improvement in terms of what I liked and the client's responses. They have talked about how present the mixes sound, the low end is controlled and balanced, and it's amazing to hear that validation after spending a long time struggling with mixing. I'm flabbergasted, even, on how I can make these mixes because they sound good and balanced from the get go. They sound ok on the headphones but then on speakers, phone speakers, crappy headphones, cars, etc it all sounds like I want to sound.
  
    All this to say that, if you are on the fence on getting MDR 7506s as a second pair of headphones, or are on a budget, do not hesitate. They do not sound all that great for casual listening but for critical listening? Give me the MDRs any day of the week
  
    EDIT: thanks a lot for your insights, really cool to know a lot of people who are fans of the Sonys as well. Seems like I made a great choice
  











Songs with unintentional “ambience”






u/b2recordsthings













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •























     Songs with unintentional “ambience”
  






    Hey, all! I was listening to the first  Danzig albums and was reminded of how damn buzzy those recorded amps sound. In the modern age that kinda thing would be rare on such a high-profile record. Either the amp would have been switched out or had some noise filtering applied.  It got me thinking…what songs do you know of that include sounds that are an unintentional byproduct of either less than ideal equipment, performance or environment? Things like traffic noise, keys jangling, planes flying overhead, broken gear…that kinda thing. Cheers!
  











 What makes an EQ or compressor VST high-quality for you?






u/alexflp













      ADMIN
    

      MOD
    

 •























      What makes an EQ or compressor VST high-quality for you?
  





    Discussion
  








    Hi everyone!
  
    I’m curious to know what specific factors you consider when choosing an EQ or compressor plugin.
  
    Is it the sound quality, CPU usage, ease of use, or maybe the versatility?
  
    What features or characteristics make you feel like a plugin is truly worth the investment? Would love to hear your thoughts and recommendations!
  










 




































              Top 1%
            

              Rank by size 









 Created Jul 21, 2008
   


 Public
   Anyone can view, post, and comment to this community


 


Community Bookmarks





Rules







Wiki Pages













Wiki Index








 




Fundamentals of AE








 




Training & Education








 




Computer Guide








 




Tips & Tricks














FAQ





Troubleshooting Help






 


Chat is here!



Check out our Discord server!
https://discord.gg/rsUmMhd


 


 Rules










1



            Facilitate discussion
          

















    Posts should be made to inform or facilitate discussion.
  













2



            Posts Must Have Clear and Unambiguous Titles
          

















    Posts with ambiguous titles ("NEED HELP", "drums?????", "Ableton") will be removed and asked to re-submit with a descriptive title if the post is not disallowed by other rules.
  













3



            Read the FAQ
          

















    Users should read our Frequently Asked Questions before posting.  Many questions come up extremely often so we have created a FAQ that is constantly evolving and being updated.   If you post a question addressed in the FAQ it will likely be removed.
  













4



            Ask troubleshooting and setup questions in the Help Desk
          

















    Requests for troubleshooting and setup help must be made in the dedicated Shopping, Setup, and Technical Help Desk instead of a new post.
  
    We have also created a FAQ and Troubleshooting Guide to help you solve common problems without waiting for replies.
  













5



            Ask purchase and shopping questions in the Help Desk
          

















    Requests for product opinions, comparisons, and general purchase advice must be made in the dedicated Shopping and Setup Help Desk instead of a new post.
  













6



            No Critique Requests
          

















    Requests for production critique belong in other subreddits:
  
r/RateMyAudio - for critiques of mixing, editing, mastering and other audio skills and techniques. r/WeAreTheMusicMakers - has weekly stickies for feedback. Critiques of the music itself. r/ThisIsOurMusic - for critiques of the music itself r/MusicCritique - for critiques of the music itself r/mixingmastering - for (among other things) feedback on your mixing and/or mastering.
  













7



            No Promoting or Requesting Services
          

















    Any requests for help with editing, repairing, composition, mixing, mastering, format conversion, or any other audio services will be removed.
  
    Similarly, no offering of services, promoting, giveaways, contests, or selling products.
  
    Requests for services should refer to r/MixingMastering or r/PostAudio














8



            No Memes
          

















    Memes should be posted in r/AudioMemes.
  













9



            No Piracy
          

















    No discussion of piracy or support for pirated products will be tolerated.
  






 


Related Communities











r/Acoustics


17,361 members



















r/Audiomemes


29,593 members



















r/AudioPost


151,076 members



















r/AudioProductionDeals


60,700 members



















r/Broadcasting


9,813 members



















r/diyaudio


86,306 members



















r/livesound


108,606 members



















r/mixingmastering


89,020 members



















r/LocationSound


32,003 members



















r/WeAreTheMusicMakers


3,415,148 members















Topics



Engineering


Sciences














&nbsp;











&nbsp;








 











TOPICS



























Internet Culture (Viral)




















Amazing














Animals & Pets














Cringe & Facepalm














Funny














Interesting














Memes














Oddly Satisfying














Reddit Meta














Wholesome & Heartwarming


























Games




















Action Games














Adventure Games














Esports














Gaming Consoles & Gear














Gaming News & Discussion














Mobile Games














Other Games














Role-Playing Games














Simulation Games














Sports & Racing Games














Strategy Games














Tabletop Games


























Q&As




















Q&As














Stories & Confessions


























Technology




















3D Printing














Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning














Computers & Hardware














Consumer Electronics














DIY Electronics














Programming














Software & Apps














Streaming Services














Tech News & Discussion














Virtual & Augmented Reality


























Pop Culture




















Celebrities














Creators & Influencers














Generations & Nostalgia














Podcasts














Streamers














Tarot & Astrology


























Movies & TV




















Action Movies & Series














Animated Movies & Series














Comedy Movies & Series














Crime, Mystery, & Thriller Movies & Series














Documentary Movies & Series














Drama Movies & Series














Fantasy Movies & Series














Horror Movies & Series














Movie News & Discussion














Reality TV














Romance Movies & Series














Sci-Fi Movies & Series














Superhero Movies & Series














TV News & Discussion

























  








RESOURCES























About Reddit








 









Advertise








 









Help








 









Blog








 









Careers








 









Press








 









Communities








 









Best of Reddit








 









Topics








 









Content Policy








 









Privacy Policy








 









User Agreement













 
Reddit, Inc. © 2024. All rights reserved.








 

 


 






































    
 








